# FormulaRepo
Productivity tool for students to quickly access and solve various math, chemistry and physics related formulae.

In today’s day and age, efficiency is of utmost importance. Due to which a tool to improve productivity would be greatly appreciated. This program was developed with that very intention in mind- to help students preparing for competitive exams.

As students utilize these formulae regulary, this program serves as a productivity tool to help them identify any errors quickly and also doubles as a verification tool.

This program may be further developed to be able to perform more complicated procedures and would lead to further growth in work efficiency while improving accuracy.
This may lead to a rise in work productivity without hindering task efficiency and is hence a useful tool.

What does this tool cover?

Math formulae- Circles, Straight Lines, Trigonometry, Permutation and Combination, and Quadratic Equations
Chemistry- Atomic Structure, Gaseous State and Stoichiometry
Physics- Gravitation, Energy, Work Power and Projectile Motion

How does this work?

Run the program.

The user is asked to choose between the three subjects- Math, physics and chemistry.

After choosing a subject, the user has to choose a topic within the subject.

Ater the topic is chosen, the user is asked to necessary values in order to calculate the equation/value generated by the formula.

The equation/final value of the formula is then displayed.

Sample:

Choose your subject: 1)Math  2)Chemistry  3)Physics  4)Exit 1
Choose your topic: 1)Circles  2)Straight Lines  3)Trigonometry  4)Permutation and Combination  5)Quadratic 1
Choose the formula 1)Finding equation of circle  2)Finding center and radius of circle 1
X co-ordinate of circle's centre5
Y co-ordinate of circle's centre5
Enter radius of the circle25
The equation of the circle is x^2 + y^2 + -10.0x + -10.0y + -575.0 = 0

